( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
We're from the Criminal Investigation Brigade. Please step out and open your trunk
for an inspection.
Master.
Brother Chen.
Just as I thought, it's here.
How is it?
Oh.
Based on the previous body assembly
and this skull examination,
we can basically confirm
that Wang Xichuan's fatal wound
was caused by blunt force trauma to the back of the head.
A blunt weapon?
Can you determine what kind of blunt weapon?
We can't be sure yet.
However, there is intracranial bruising.
Based on the depth of the skull depression,
it should be something like a brick.
Oh, but not that big.
A brick?
Yeah.
Here.
What's the depth of this depression?
About five millimeters deep.
The murder weapon should still be at the Wang's house.
We've searched everywhere in here.
We almost tore the roof off.
The murder weapon
is not in the room.
If it is,
it should be somewhere outside.
Hey.
Are you listening to me?
You've been looking for a long time.
Any new discoveries?
What are you looking at?
There should have been a brass paperweight here.
Do you really think this brass paperweight
is right here?
Yang Xiaomei and Lin Xiaoai were locked up here for a long time.
If she were to hide something,
she would definitely hide it in the more familiar cellar.
Master.
I found it.
Officers.
I've already told you everything I know.
What else do you want to know?
We have found Wang Xichuan's head.
According to the forensic examination,
the fatal wound is on the back of his head.
And this
is the murder weapon.
Besides Wang Xichuan's,
there is a partial fingerprint on it.
After comparison,
it's yours.
Now,
the evidence is conclusive.
The one in the cellar
is my daughter-in-law.
She was disobedient,
so she was locked up.
Then...
The heads in the wine jars
are all real.
If you disobey too,
I'll put your head
in a wine jar.
I'll obey. I'll obey.
I'll do whatever you say.
I'll obey. I won't run away. I'll obey.
Then
tonight,
you'll keep me company.
Ah!
Mhm.
Let's go.
Come with me.
He's drunk.
I wanted to kill him just now,
but I thought it was more important to go down and save you first.
Me too.
I wanted to kill him every day.
I wish I could hack him to pieces.
But I was kept by them,
locked up every day.
I had no chance.
I was also afraid.
Now,
isn't this a great opportunity right in front of us?
But
if we kill someone,
the police will find out very quickly.
I have a plan.
We can frame Wang Mingming,
and we can frame Yang Zhigang too,
and let the police arrest them all.
Xiaomei.
You've been tortured by them for three years.
More than a thousand days and nights.
Are you willing to just walk away?
Don't you want to kill them?
Ah.
I wanted to kill him just now.
I wanted to kill him with my own hands.
But I was afraid I couldn't find the right spot,
and it would be bad if I woke him up.
Didn't you work at the meat processing plant?
You must be better at this than me.
You kill him.
I'll handle the scene,
and frame Wang Mingming.
Xiaomei.
You stay here.
I'll go to Yang Zhigang's place.
We'll both pretend to be victims,
so the police won't think we did it.
Then,
what about the body parts?
You're tired enough from dismembering the body.
I'll take care of the rest.
I'll hide the head in Yang Zhigang's slaughterhouse.
Then we'll frame Yang Zhigang.
Right.
You stay here.
Brother.
What's wrong
with you, sister?
Found it.
Why did you do this?
Because I hate.
I hate Wang Xichuan.
I hate Wang Mingming.
I hate Yang Xiaomei.
If Yang Xiaomei hadn't insisted on taking me to get my fortune told back then,
none of what happened later would have occurred.
At that time,
I was almost tortured to death by them.
Fortunately, I was lucky enough
to crawl out of
the crop field
and be saved by a kind-hearted person.
Why didn't you call the police?
I thought about calling the police.
Have you ever thought about us women?
Huh?
Once these things are made public,
our lives are over.
Over.
Your life?
Do you know
that two other girls were killed in there?
Wang Xichuan cut off their heads
and put them in jars.
The bodies were buried in the crop field.
Your life is a life.
What about the lives of those two girls?
Are they not lives?
Did you start planning your revenge
from that moment?
Although I was lucky enough to survive,
my life was worse than death every day.
I wanted to die every day.
I had nightmares every day.
If I wasn't in the crop field,
I was in the cellar.
I was going crazy.
I wanted to die so badly.
I really wanted to commit suicide every single day.
I was already standing on the rooftop.
But I received a call.
You are not the one who deserves to die.
I can help you get revenge.
Did he tell you who he was?
No.
From beginning to end,
he used a virtual number.
Was that the person
who helped you plan this?
What about the writing on the cellar wall?
Did he tell you to write it?
What did you write?
It means 'sisters' in Nüshu.
Xiaomei.
I have always treated you as my sister.
For the past three years,
whenever I think of you still being here,
I can't eat
or sleep.
I must save you.
That mysterious person used you,
and you used Yang Xiaomei.
Yang Xiaomei still thinks you came to save her
and that she killed Wang Xichuan herself.
She owes me this.
If you want to blame someone, blame her stupidity.
I hate Wang Xichuan.
I hate Wang Mingming.
I hate Yang Xiaomei.
If Yang Xiaomei hadn't insisted on dragging me to get my fortune told back then,
none of what happened later would have occurred.
That mysterious person used you.
And you used Yang Xiaomei.
Even now, Yang Xiaomei still thinks you came to save her,
and thinks she killed Wang Xichuan herself.
She owes me this.
If you want to blame someone, blame her stupidity.
I thought...
I thought she...
You thought
she was here to save you.
If she wanted to save you,
she would have come three years ago.
She wouldn't wait until now.
She has been using you all along.
Brooding alone here again?
Your talent for investigation, kid,
is indeed a bit better than mine.
But you were the one who finally found Wang Xichuan's head.
Experience always wins.
Who are you calling old?
I'm still a spring chicken.
Give me a break.
Hahaha.
Ah.
I went over
the old Scavenger case file again.
I realized you found
a lot of key clues.
Oh.
A true hero doesn't boast about past glories.
About what happened back then,
I don't blame you.
Even though I punched you,
I never blamed you.
I believe you did your best.
Is that it?
Then I took that punch for nothing.
You just didn't like me back then, did you?
Yes.
I was too narrow-minded.
Not every police officer
has to be like my dad.
Everyone has their own way of handling cases.
Also,
thank you for taking that knife for me.
What did you say?
Thank you
for taking that knife for me.
When I was young,
I was reckless too.
Fortunately,
Captain Qiu always protected me.
It's been a long time since anyone mentioned my dad to me.
Even Aunt Rong would deliberately avoid it.
Actually,
I really want to hear about his past.
Your dad,
he liked watching the sunrise
and sunset.
He said seeing the sunlight
gave him hope.
Coming.
Aunt Rong.
You're here.
Here.
The case is solved.
Let's celebrate.
It's even a birthday cake.
You've lost weight recently.
I bought you something high in calories.
Hey.
Why did you open the curtains today?
Ah.
I just feel like
getting some sun occasionally
is quite nice.
That's more like it.
Aunt Rong,
there's a question
I've always wanted to ask you.
Go ahead.
Did you see Gu Yuming kill the Scavenger with your own eyes?
I saw it with my own eyes.
What about his motive?
Alright.
Don't think about the case during your break.
Have some cake.
Let me do it.